---
layout: post
---
**Reflections below:**

1.  > When you create a GitHub repository it requests a license type. Review the license types in relationship to this Tech Talk and make some notes in your personal blog.

<!-- end list -->

  - > Licensing outlines the terms and conditions of how code and projects that you create can be used by others.

<!-- end list -->

2.  > In your blog, summarize the discussions and personal analysis on Software Licenses/Options, Digital Rights, and other Legal and Ethical thoughts from this College Board topic.

<!-- end list -->

  - > Some people may not have the resources or might be apart of underprivileged communities.This would prevent them from obtaining creative license rights to their ideas, and would therefore hinder creativity.

<!-- end list -->

3.  > Make a license for your personal (blog) and Team repositories for the CPT project. Be sure to have a license for both Team GitHub repositories (frontend/backend). Document license(s) you picked and why. FYI, frontend, since it is built on GitHub pages may come with a license and restrictions. Document in blog how team made license choice and process of update.

<!-- end list -->

  - > We want to incorporate an open license API (MIT)

  - > We understand that we have creative common license rights

5.6 Safe Computing

1.  > Describe PII you have seen on project in CompSci Principles.
    
    1.  > PII in my project and other projects were the required self info pages. This includes an about me page and other files that include my personal info.

2.  > What are your feelings about PII and your personal exposure?
    
    1.  > Personally, I don’t have a lot of my info exposed on the internet. I just have my quiz bowl scores and USA swimming records.I am a little bit concerned about this because of

3.  > Describe good and bad passwords? What is another step that is used to assist in authentication.
    
    1.  > “Good” passwords have many characters and are not easily cracked by brunt force hacking, which use algorithms to try and input every possible combination to guess the password. Some hackers try and use shortcuts like personal info (birthdates, common passwords, key words, etc.), so including these words are not a good idea either.

4.  > Try to describe Symmetric and Asymmetric encryption.
    
    1.  > Asymmetric encryption involves only one key, while symmetric encryption has multiple.The encryption we used before AWS was asymmetric encryption when we created our fastpages repositories. We had to have keys in order to deploy them and have access to a single repository. To the best of my understanding, we did something similar for AWS and used data keys.

5.  > Provide an example of encryption we used in AWS deployment.
    
    1.  > We used standard and TLS encryption when making our fastpages repositories. We had different keys and copied/ pasted codes to encrypt our repositories.

6.  > Describe a phishing scheme you have learned about the hard way. Describe some other phishing techniques.
    
    1.  > When I was in elementary school, I would go on an online gaming website called friv.com, which had many amazing games. Unfortunately, I wasn’t very educated on cyber security, and my PC ended up being hacked.
    
    2.  > Techniques discussed in class were of scammers calling people on phones in an attempt to trick vulnerable populations like the elderly and poor people who don’t.have proper education on how to avoid scams.
